esume

 D. Jaideep      	
 Mobile :  9110307816				                      e-mail: deepu990101@gmail.com

Career Objective :
To make a career in growth oriented company with encourages innovation and offers me an opportunity to use my technical knowledge, also to learn and develop as an individual in line with organisational goals and objectives.
Strengths :
•	Good communication, analytical Skills
•	Perseverance fast learning ability
•	Innovative, enthusiastic
•	Interested to learn new technologies and apply
•	Good searching web skills on various issues
•	Ability to work individually,  and in-group
Education Qualifications :
Qualifications	Institutional Name	% of Marks/Grade	Passed Out
B. Tech (MECH)	          Sai Spurthi Institute of Technology (JNTU-H)	67 %	2019
Intermediate	Board of Intermediate, AP	94.7 %	2015
S.S.C	State Secondary Board,  AP	        9.3	2013

Technical Skills :
	Operating Systems		:	Windows 7, Windows 8.1 , Windows 10
	Packages			:	MS Office
	Coding			:	CNC -Train
	Designing Softwares	:	Solid Works , PRO-E
	Analysis Softwares		:	Ansys

Trainings Skills :

	Solid Works at National Small industries Corporation (NSIC) , Hyderabad.




Work Experience:
•	Fresher

Project Details:-
Aim		            :   In order  to study the various divisions in railway service system.

Title	             	:   Maintenance and Management of Locomotives 
Studied about 	:   IOH shed , diesel loco shed , electrical loco shed , wagon depot
Team Size        	 :   4
Role                  	 :   Team leader
Description of Project-
	Indian Railway is operated by the govt of India under the governance of ministry of railways .It contains 115,000 km of track over a route of 65,000 km and 7,500 stations .Out of these Vijayawada station is one of the major stations in India .It acts as a junction for many stations which connects different railway stations in North India from South India. This station contains maintenance and management block too. Every train needs to have a proper maintenance for every 6 months. During the process of maintenance ,engine and its parts are checked thoroughly . Fuel injection system and braking system is checked .Diesel locomotive emits heavy amount of heat. In order to reduce heat lubrication system is provided .on having a long distance travel lubrication will lose even its viscosity. So in the maintenance shed lubricating oil which reduce the friction and the heat is changed .Now a days by the developing technology there is rapid change in the development of diesel locomotives . Turbochargers are being used and the size of the engine got reduced with highly increased speed and even the braking power of the locomotive and the coaches had a drastic change . Brake drums are replaced with Disc Brakes where disc is of half the diameter  of  wheel .Thus there is a drastic change in locomotive across India. Hope so in the coming days locomotive will have drastic changes and gets upgraded which increase the travelling facilities.

Achievements:
	Participated in LEAD INDIA 2020 
	Participated in HACKTRON WORKSHOP Conducted by TASK







Personal Details:
Name				:	D. Jaideep
Father name			:	D. Subramanyeswara Rao
Date of Birth			: 	31 August, 1998
Marital Status		: 	Unmarried
Religion			:	Indian Hindu
Nationality			:	Indian
Permanent Address 	:	C/O.  D. Subramanyeswar Rao.
H.No  3-96, Nayakula Street , Seethanagaram,
					Chintalapudi Mandal,
					West Godavari District 534460
					Andhra-Pradesh, India.				
Temporary Address		:	C/O.  D. Subramanyeswar Rao.
H.No  3-96, Nayakula Street , Seethanagaram,
					Chintalapudi Mandal,
					West Godavari District 534460
					Andhra-Pradesh, India.
Languages Known  		 : 	English, Hindi, and Telugu .
Email Address		 : 	deepu990101@gmail.com 
Mobile			 :	9110307816

Declaration:
I hear by declare that all the above mentioned information and details are correct to best of my knowledge.	
										              Yours Faith Fully,
Date  :
Place :			

										                      D.Jaideep

